hi I'm Chelsea from BBC ker food and I'm
going to show you how to make our best
spaghetti bolognaise first thing we want
to get our heat on a nice medium high
heat is good for this we're gonna fry
our bacon just add a bit of olive oil to
the pan and let that heat up I'm just
gonna add this bacon now I cook it until
it's nice and golden and crispy for
about 10 minutes I'm just gonna reduce
the heat slightly our Bacon's nice and
brown so I'm going to add our onion
carrots celery garlic and rosemary
[Music]
you want to cook your veggie on a gentle
heat because you're just trying to
soften it not color it and just stir
through your vegetables and leave them
to soften for about 10 minutes our
vegetables are lovely and stuff now you
can tell when they're down as your
onions will be nice and translucent next
we're going to turn our heat up slightly
because we're going to brown our mince
it's nice to have a medium high heat for
doing this so we get lovely color on our
mint which adds more flavor to our
bolognaise keep stirring until your
mince is lovely and brown our mince is
all brown now so we're going to add our
plum tomatoes or oregano basil and bay
our chili of tomato puree our stock cube
cherry tomatoes and red wine if you
don't have whole plum tomatoes you can
always use tin chopped tomatoes if you
have them in the store cupboard at home
I've added some chili to the polonaise
to give it a bit of a kick but if you
don't want to you don't have to do
stir everything together crushing the
plum tomatoes with the spoon ashido so
the polonaise is boiling now I'm just
going to reduce the heat to a gentle
simmer cover it with a lid and leave it
to simmer away for about an hour and 15
minutes until the sauce is lovely and
rich our Bolognese has had about an hour
and 15 minutes now so I'm just going to
uncover it as you can see the sauce is
lovely and thick if you find your sauce
is still a bit watery after this time
you can remove the lid and vigorously
simmer it for about 15 minutes until the
sauce is nice and thick while our
polonaise was coming to the end of
cooking I cooked some spaghetti and
drained it and put it back into the pan
so now I'm just going to add my
bolognese sauce using a pair of tongs
toss everything together until it's
lovely and evenly coated stir through
the parmesan to add some extra seasoning
and you can also add a bit more salt and
pepper if you like
I'm just going to plate it up now and
add some grated Parmesan some basil and
a bit of black pepper so here we have it
the best ever spaghetti bolognaise
[Music]
you